Added 12 new Q&A pairs to the Support knowledgebase section (#1081)
wandb/docs: content/support/how_can_i_resolve_the_attributeerror_module_wandb_has_no_attribute_init.md

---

> title: "How can I resolve the `AttributeError: module 'wandb' has no attribute 'init'`?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "How can I fix the error `AttributeError: module 'wandb' has no attribute 'init'`?"
```

> title: "How can I fix the error `AttributeError: module 'wandb' has no attribute 'init'`?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "How can I fix an error like `AttributeError: module 'wandb' has no attribute ...`?"
```

Reviewer: Another attempt to consolidate this entry with the next one. WDYT?

Author: sounds good!

toc_hide: true
type: docs
tags:
  - crashing and hanging runs
---

> This error might appear when trying to import `wandb` from a Python environment that does not have `wandb` installed, but there is a directory named `wandb` where the code is being executed. We recommend:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter the error `AttributeError: module 'wandb' has no attribute 'init'` when importing `wandb` in Python, `wandb` is not installed or the installation is corrupted, but a `wandb` directory exists in the current working directory. To fix this error, uninstall `wandb`, delete the directory, then install `wandb`:
```

```bash

> pip uninstall wandb && pip install wandb

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pip uninstall wandb; rm -rI wandb; pip install wandb
```
The `uninstall` is almost certain to fail if you are in this situation (`pip` returning a non-zero result), which means that the `&&` will never be `true`. This also removes an existing `wandb` directory but prompts if doing so would remove more than 3 files or would recursively delete directories.

> If you encounter the error `AttributeError: module 'wandb' has no attribute 'init'` when importing `wandb` in Python, `wandb` is not installed or the installation is corrupted, but a `wandb` directory exists in the current working directory. To fix this error, uninstall `wandb`, delete the directory, then install `wandb`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter the error `AttributeError: module 'wandb' has no attribute 'init'` when importing the `wandb` Python library, the library is not installed or the installation is corrupted, but a `wandb` directory exists in the current working directory. To fix this error, uninstall the `wandb` library, delete the directory, then install the library again:
```

> If you encounter the error `AttributeError: module 'wandb' has no attribute 'init'` when importing `wandb` in Python, `wandb` is not installed or the installation is corrupted, but a `wandb` directory exists in the current working directory. To fix this error, uninstall `wandb`, delete the directory, then install `wandb`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter an error like `AttributeError: module 'wandb' has no attribute 'init'` or `AttributeError: module 'wandb' has no attribute 'login'` when importing `wandb` in Python, `wandb` is not installed or the installation is corrupted, but a `wandb` directory exists in the current working directory. To fix this error, uninstall `wandb`, delete the directory, then install `wandb`:
```
